[Music]
Very good my dearest lovers of the
heart how are you and I am delighted
to be here one more day with you
please remind you that I will leave you the little
subscribe button and well you
know that a few days ago
we were commenting that it was probable
that
the little baby of María José Campanario
and Jesulín had already been born and that now we would probably
see him for the first time in a magazine
in fact they will announce that he was born in a
magazine in their flagship magazine
which is usually the organ but that has not
been the case so far there is no
news of the birth of the little one
we know that it is a boy we know that they are going to
name him Humberto but at the moment it seems
that he has not been born I am reading in
some publications that they have made on the
internet
specifically the Cadiz newspaper that they are
probably going to schedule it or in other words that they are
going to bring forward the delivery and so on
I think that his birthday was around the 13th or so
but I don't know how true this is
because you know that they tend to be
quite secretive people with their privacy and
are very careful with what they
publish  or it's not worth it
but I'm not entirely wrong according to this
publication it says despite the fact that María José's
water shouldn't break until at least
July 13th, July,
July already seems like a lot of July to me,
César in the account but well, I don't know, I don't
trust this publication much family
what information do you know that we're
going to start in the account July, it
comes out to me in the accounts this month but
well families what do you think?
From here I want to send him a big hug and hope he
comes with all the health in the world,
of course to Jesulín, his wife and
his entire family so soon family reunion
Andreas will surely travel to meet
his new little brother and well I'll
be reading you a huge hug
[Music]